I heard you.
It's him, he wants me dead.
Go find him and calculate for me.
What would I do if you died?
Juanjuan's mother
Sorry, you said she wasn't good.
They can't give you a good life.
What do you want?
Do you have to force Zhu Yuan to die before you can be satisfied?
This general.
He wanted to die a long time ago.
If he really wants to die, die quietly.
How can you show off like that?
Not afraid of people laughing
Wanting to set fire is my husband's outer room.
For this outside room
He didn't just kill our daughter.
And secretly used my dowry sticker.
I can't make him lose money.
He didn't want to pay for doing so deliberately.
And everyone.
You can take your general seriously.
As long as he lives here.
We cannot guarantee any day.
You will end up like me.
Teasing people's husbands kills people.
There's no shame.
Turns out it's these dogs.
Take someone else's dowry to subsidize it.
The Soft Rice Man
You son of a bitch, get out of here!
Don't live in this alley.
I am not ashamed of Ho.
Are you going to cry?
People aren't crying yet, what are you crying about?
Get out.
Don't let me see you again.
Get out, get out.